Update container-lifecycle-hooks.md (#44499)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/concepts/containers/container-lifecycle-hooks.md

### Hook handler implementations

Containers can access a hook by implementing and registering a handler for that hook.

> There are threetypes of hook handlers that can be implemented for Containers:

Reviewer: Thanks for the fix! Just a minor typo in the proposed solution; please check the suggestion below.

```suggestion
There are three types of hook handlers that can be implemented for Containers:
```

Author: Oops my mistake! Thanks for review.
